The Joe Rogan experience. What happens? What.
Happened was Sam. I sat next to Mitzi in her booth.
He got on stage and he did the whole bit before he had done the young comedian
show that I was on with that, Rodney did Rodney's first young comedian show.
And it was the whole thing about, you know, the, the kid in the,
whenever they do those world vision commercials with a starving kid in his
famous, the most famous, one of the most famous things that any comedians done,
which was just a truism,
which is the camera man can give them a sandwich and starving kid get out of the
desert, go to the word of the food.
Is that's a bit that I use in a conversation with a guy.
It was a weird conversation. There was a guy who wrote a book on comedy.
He was teaching a comedy course at a university and he was sitting here talking
to me. And he said that the best comedy always punches up,
I think, is there,
there was a time when people really believe that nonsense like that there was a
formula to comedy and that comedy should always attack the large power
structures and that the small people should be, you know,
elevated by communists. So he's sitting here telling me this.
I go that's nonsense. I go,
one of the greatest bits of all time is literally about starving children. Yeah.
There's no listening to Carlin no further down that you could punch.
One of his other great bits was about dead people getting in the.
You remember that the bit about homosexual negrophiliacs who would pay money to
be with the freshest male corpse.
Those are two bits where you're punching down as low as you can.
Someone's dad died and there's this guy's, um, it doesn't,
it doesn't get any there's no further. We can punch down.
In the main room. And he was doing a bit where, uh, he says,
this is what happened in my marriage. And he would unplug the mic is my Dick.
You know, without, even if he did not need a mic to prove the point,
but he would lay on the, on the ground with his girth.
And he would pretend that he was having sex with his wife from behind.
And he goes, this is what happened in my marriage. And she,
as I'm trying to her, and he's like, she's like, we got to fix the fence. And.
He goes, shut the up. I'm trying to,
is it needs a new coat of paint.
But we can't do, you know, you can't do that now. Really? I mean, you could,
if you were Sam.
He could do it again. He couldn't do is alive. Now he could do it. First of all,
he was uniquely,
he was uniquely qualified for that kind of comedy because you,
he was short and he was fat and he was going bald in the war.
And the long coat and he was hanging out with all the rock and roll and porn
people.
The coat, he came on stage, like he was a child molester or something. Yeah.
I mean, that was, look at that. Look at that picture. That's him and bill Hicks.
Uh, I loved, wow. That's crazy. Picture bill was the sweetest,
most timid guy.
It was bill that was nailed down there.
So he's got a nail Polish on it's one on with tips. Oh, it's the shadows.
But that was, was a sweetie then.
So when you see him then, I mean, when you go on stage he's,
that was part of why it worked,
because I think there's a lot of people that really could do more than they're
doing and they know they could and they want to make excuses.
And it's part of the reason why throughout history,
they've left people behind.
There's certain people that if you had a tribe and you had to make it over this
mountain and Bob is lazy and he's like, you got to carry me, bro. My Bob,
we're both walking c'mon man. Bob's not supposed to make it.
He's not supposed to make it. We want him to make it,
but we don't want our kids to die. We don't want our mom to starve.
We got to keep going, Bob, you lazy. Come on, bro.
There's always been people like Bob and it's part of the problem with humans.
So I'm a.
Contradiction, but hold on a second. I.
Understand.
But I'm gonna give you what I that's what attracts people to socialist ideas
is just that they're nice that they want to.
Do better. Socialist ideas are very appealing. I mean, I get that.
And that's why they're very popular with young people who don't know any better.
They didn't have enough life experience understanding Peter shift.
This is the bridge because G a guy like you,
who really understands economics can talk to a guy like me and we can explain it
to everybody because otherwise we just have an I,
I'm definitely not arguing with you,
but your argument versus people who disagree with these argument, you have this,
but there's a,
there's an opportunity to make this bridge and for us to understand.
Each other and hoping, I think sitting here listening and make that bridge,
and I know produce,
I want to help people evolve from being socialists to being capitalists
because capitalists aren't mean they just understand the unintended consequences
of these well-intentioned programs when that the left is in favor of,
but they don't understand that they actually backfire and make all the problems
that they're trying to solve worse. It isn't the fire department.
When you have a local fire department, right.
That a fire department is there to put out any fire to any house, right?
So everybody in the community benefits from having a fire department,
it's not there just for one person. It's for everybody in the community.
We're talking about where the government takes money specifically from one
person and gives it to somebody else for their specific benefit,
because they think they need it for whatever problem or whatever reason they
need the money. And this.
Would be like Bob, wanting money from you are lazy.
Frank Bob were talking about.
I am all in favor of private charity.
I'm all in favor of people voluntarily helping out their fellow man.
And Americans will do that. I mean, we didn't do that.
We did that a lot more in the past when the government didn't take so much of
our income and taxes, we had a lot more money. Like I mentioned,
Grover Cleveland.
When he said that quote about the government not supporting the people,
there was a bill to appropriate $10,000 for some
farmers in Texas who have been hit by a drought and Grover Cleveland vetoed the
bill because he said, look,
there's nothing in the constitution that allows the government to give money to
people just because they need it. Have you.
Heard of this problem?
You knew of people that their children were going through this.
And how long did it take you before you decided to commit to pen to paper on
this?
So I, I spent, uh, maybe a month or so,
just hearing the reports of the parents and reading the original study.
There's an original study that the book is, you know, John jumps off from,
which is the Lisa Littman paper at brown university,
public health researcher who looked into this.
And she found that there was all of a sudden, this huge epidemic in America, um,
of teenage girls,
deciding they were trans with their friends after social media merging and,
and pushing for hormones and surgeries.
You had a conversation about this with someone who's a transactivist that says,
well, maybe what's really going on. I mean,
I'm just taking the argument of it may be what's going on.
Is there are a lot of trans women and there would be more,
or there's a lot of women who would turn trans, become a man.
There would be more, but they'd never had had that door open to them before.
And that maybe there's more trans people than we think.
Amazing. Amazing. So it's a great point. And I thought about it cause I've,
I've, you know, I tried to look, I'm a journalist.
I like to look at ideas in both sides. I didn't have, like,
I did not have a dog in this race. So let me tell you three reasons.
I don't think that's compelling. Number one, when,
when Lisa Littman looked at the prevalence rates,
she found that it's 70 times what we would expect within a friend group,
which means it's highly concentrated in groups of friends,
but there's two other reasons.
So we wouldn't expect that if it were randomly distributed among the population,
but there are two other reasons. I don't think that's right. Number one,
if we're just rewarding to normal, now that there's greater society,
societal acceptance, right?
We're just say we're just avoiding reverting to a normal base rate of
transgender women.
Where why are where all the women in their forties and sixties coming out as
trans, they should be coming out now is their time. Now,
is there a moment we should see tons of women in their forties and sixties and
so on coming out as transgender,
but we're not seeing that we're seeing the same population that gets involved in
cutting demonic, possession, witchcraft, anorexia, Ballymun,
convinces themselves. There's a problem. And, and there's one anyway,
there's there's one last reason is that suicide rates are going up.
But if these women who were living under a prior, you know, supposedly these,
all these transgender,
these real transgender people who are living under a more repressive regime and
are now just finding themselves this,
you would think the suicide rate would be going down with greater acceptance.
So when you're saying suicide rates are going up,
you mean suicide rates with teens who turn trans both.
With the rate of trans of suicide among this populate. First of all,
among girls in general is extraordinarily high.
This is just one part of the mental health crisis they're in. And second of all,
we know that the rate that these, that these,
that these trans identified kids have very high rates of suicide,
suicidal ideation. It's, it's really, you know, an area of real concern.
This is the other paper I wanted to tell you about it. It does mention alien.
So it's a,
it's it is a recalculation of trouble for having no, no, they're not classified.
It says unclassified. It just hasn't been released out of this room right now.
It just recalculates how likely it is.
There are alien civilizations in our solar system, or how likely.
So it's about the Fermi paradox.
It's the Drake equation. So they had done this years ago about,
they tried to figure out how many planets are out there, how many are on it?
And habited, this is a reworking of the calculations. And again,
I can't read it. I became a.
Journal reference document introduction to this statistical
Drake equation. So this is something that they,
they created for the defense department. So they could get an understanding.
What the baseline of our information is about all those different topics I told
you about it.
And then this one is how likely is it that we have galactic neighbors and how
close might they be? Yeah.
Now the key question, how far are they?
It comes to an answer it's like 30 pages into that,
but you're the first person outside the program to see it.
You better address the sure. This is okay. Yeah.
It's not like I'm going to get visited there. Um.
Yeah. Well, how far do they think they are? I.
Hope they, they get up for you. And again,
I'm one of the reasons I become a journalist is so I don't have to do math. So.
Um, that's one of the cool things now that's happening is, um,
because of the New York times article and really cause, you know,
you had Bob on and come, her favorite,
people are talking about this and the zeitgeists, I've had more people,
serious people come forward to me in the last year of my life
than ever before. And it includes soccer moms and just people that just,
I want post the documentary. Yes.
Ever since the Lasar documentary, you know, and,
and people found out that I kept my word to Fravor and didn't tell his story.
New York times told it I kept all that. You know,
people started to trust me with, Hey, we can keep his mouth shut.
If he needs to, people have come forward to me and drove since the Lasar movie.
And of course it's like soccer, moms and people that just say,
I don't want to be known.
I just want somebody to hear this because my husband would think I'm crazy.
Let me just tell you what happened to me and I'm out of your life.
What are they telling you? I mean, Joe hits,
'em everything you can imagine from seeing craft that are right
there, right in front of him to, you know, abduction stories,
which I don't get into. Cause it's too crazy for me.
But the reporting sightings encounters, all UFO stuff. That's why they call me.
They don't call me for other stuff. Right. But also very serious people,
people that have worked or do work within our military and say I had an
encounter, I, there was an incursion.
I know George has dealt with this for 30 years. It's just,
it's just new for me that the,
the amount of people coming forward to me and telling me their stories and
giving me documents and stuff like that,
I gotta be careful because a lot of it's gotta be. Right.
But a good handful of it is power. A lot.
Of it is, you know, it's um, like bait to discredit us credit. Yeah. Okay.